
You should always check with your parents or guardians before giving out any information about you, especially before entering information on any website mobile application, or online service.

Our Mission to Protect Children's Privacy

We recognize the need to provide further privacy protections when it comes to children. Some of the Services are directed to children, while other Services or portions of them are intended for use by adults and teens. For Services that are directed to children, we may collect, use, and disclose information about you as described in this Privacy Policy. Some of this information may be considered "Personal Information" or "Personal Data" (as defined under applicable law) which is information that identifies you or your device or is reasonably associated with you. We consider you to be a child if you are not of legal age to consent to the collection and processing of your Personal Information under applicable laws where you live.

Information We Collect

Below we summarize potential instances of collection of Personal Information where our Services are directed at children. We also outline how and when we will provide parental notice and/or seek parental consent.

In any instance that we collect Personal Information from a child, we will retain that information only so long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the activity requested or allow you to continue to participate in the activity, and to ensure the security of our users and our Services, or as required by law.

In the event we discover we have collected Personal Information from or about a child in a manner inconsistent with legal requirements, we will either delete the information or immediately seek the parent's consent for that collection.

The Personal Information that we collect generally falls within three broad categories: 
(a) information you provide to us, 
(b) information we collect automatically when you use or access our Services, and 
(c) information we obtain from other sources.

Information You Give to Us

You can use most of the Services without actively submitting any information, but some of the Services may allow you to provide Personal Information, such as the following:

Identifiers such as name, username, phone number, email address, and mailing address.
Profile information such as date of birth, gender, avatar, and interests.
Parent or guardian contact information.
We may also require payment information such as a credit card number. We will ask you to get a parent or guardian to assist you with these transactions or for permission from your parent or guardian before allowing you to use a credit card number on one of our Services.

Information Collected About Your Computer, Phone and Other Devices

We and our service providers operating on our behalf or other businesses who collect information on our Services may automatically collect or receive certain information associated with you and/or your device(s) as part of your use of our Services through device-based tracking technologies. This could be information such as your IP address (a number assigned by your Internet Service Provider that can identify your device), mobile advertising ID (a resettable identifier assigned to your device by operating system provider, such as Apple or Google), media access control (MAC) address, and identifiers associated with cookies, pixels, tags, beacons, scripts or other technology.

Websites and Data Collection of Third Parties

The Services may include links to other websites or services, such as to purchase online subscriptions, tickets to a in-person live event or experience, purchase of a consumer or virtual good or service or interactive products or games that pair with third party devices, such as a voice-controlled digital assistant Information collected by third-party devices or on other sites and services is subject to the privacy policy and practices of the third party providing such site or service and not subject to this Privacy Policy.

Please consult the privacy policies of any third parties with which you share information in this manner to learn about the third party's data practices.

How We Use Information & Why

We collect and use information about you for the following purposes.

Provide, maintain, and improve the Services, as well as to develop new content and features;
Perform our contractual obligations;
Create, maintain, and service your account, if you have created one;
Send notifications related to your account, if you have created one;
Send newsletters, postcards, or messages you request;
Enable you to participate in interactive features of the Services;
Enable you to participate in sweepstakes, contests, or promotions;
Respond to customer service requests from you;
Conduct internal research and development;
Analyze traffic and user activities on the Services, identify popular areas or features, and optimize and personalize the Services;
Serve contextual advertising and limit the number of times you see an advertisement on the Services to the extent allowed by local law;
Debug the Services to identify and repair errors;
Process or fulfill orders and transactions; and
Protect the rights and property and others, and comply with our legal obligations, including to detect, investigate, and prevent fraud and other illegal activities, and to enforce our agreements.
We may send you local notifications. We do not send push notifications to children without first obtaining consent from a parent or guardian, but we may use "local notifications" that are sent directly through a mobile app to your device (and do not require an internet connection). We may use these local notifications to notify you of new content or events within the app, among other reasons.

We will store your data only as long as needed for business purposes. We store the Personal Information we collect for as long as is necessary for the purpose(s) for which we originally collected it in accordance with applicable laws. We may also retain Personal Information as required by law.

Who We Share Your Information With & Why

We will not share the information we collect other than as follows:

We may share your information in connection with a corporate transaction. We may disclose or transfer your information as part of, or during negotiations for, any purchase, sale, lease, merger, or any other type of acquisition, disposal, or financing involving our brands.

We will share information with third parties who perform Services on our behalf. We share information with unaffiliated companies or individuals we hire or work with that provide us with professional advice, business support, or perform services on our behalf, including customer support, payment processors, or others who assist us in fulfilling orders or transactions, web hosting, information technology, payment processing, event providers, direct mail and email distribution, contest, sweepstakes and promotion administration, and analytics services ("Service Providers"). These Service Providers are allowed to use your information to help us provide our Services and not for any other purpose.

We may share information with our business partners. Such business partners may include sweepstakes or other partners, including those who are working with us on co-branded Services or events. Our business partners use the information we give them as described in their privacy policies. When we share your information with a business partner, we will let you know.

We may share your information with sponsors and other partners for contests, giveaways and sweepstakes. We share this information to verify your entry into and eligibility to participate in contests, giveaways, or sweepstakes, and to inform you if you've won.

We will share your information with your consent or if you ask us to. We share your information with third parties if you provide your consent or when you ask us to do so and if it is allowed under applicable law. For example, if you ask us to share your information in order for you to participate in an interactive service that is operated by a third party, we will share that information as requested and allowed.

We may share information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves. For example, we will share information when it's necessary for us to comply with applicable law or legal process, to respond to legal claims, or to protect our rights, property or personal safety of our users, employees, or the public.

We may share your information for reasons not described in this policy. We will tell you before we do this.

Parental Control and Choices

If we allow children to create an account or otherwise engage with us over time, we will obtain parental consent prior to the collection of their Personal Information. If you are a parent, you can refuse to permit us to collect Personal Information from your child and can request that we delete from our records the Personal Information we have collected. Please keep in mind that a request to delete records may lead to a termination of an account, membership, or other Services.

Other Rights in Your Jurisdiction

Depending on the applicable law in your jurisdiction, you may have additional rights, such as rights to access, correction and deletion of your Personal Information. If you have any questions about what rights and choices apply in your jurisdiction, please feel free to contact us.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you may contact us by email us at ncsrobin@hotmail.com.
