Your privacy is important and we are committed to protecting the privacy of parents and kids. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices.
We uses and makes all attempts to protect all information when you use our apps & services.
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the service. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of these changes. Your continued use of the Service will signify your acceptance of these changes.

Personal Data Collected:

We do not collect, share, retain, sell, trade, or rent personal data to others, including below items:
a) Personal information.
b) Device data
c) Location-based data

Non-personal Data:

For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "non-personal data" means information that does not directly identify you. Additionally, non-personal data means "aggregate" and "de-personalized" information, which is data collects about the use of all users, from which any personally identifiable data has been removed.

App Store and Data Collection:

We currently do not serve any third party advertisements or analytics.
We make applications available via app stores such as Apple's App Store, Google Play, Amazon AppStore, and Windows Store. While using it, the App Store may use cookies, unique device identifier codes, software and hardware information, browser information, time zone and usage information or other technology to collect and process the information about you, and we may have access to it. We have no control over an App Store's collection or use of information and cannot change what information is made available to us by the App Store.
If you do not want to be subject to these technologies, do not use or access our Services.

Information Disclosure & Security:

In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:
a) Your prior permission.
b) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests.
c) By requests from public and governmental authorities.
d) To protect our legal rights and interests. We take reasonable steps to secure your information against unauthorized access or disclosure. However, no security method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.

Contact Us:
If you have any questions regarding the Privacy Policy, please contact us at the following email address.
ncsrobin@hotmail.com
